Update Tarball extension from .tgz to tar.gz in markdown files (#480)
nginx/documentation: content/nap-dos/troubleshooting-guide/how-to-troubleshoot.md

3. Create the tarball:

   ```shell

>    tar cvfz logs.tar.gz `cat logs.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   tar cvfz logs.tgz `cat logs.txt`
```

   ```

> 4. Send `logs.tar.gz` to your customer support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Send `logs.tgz` to your customer support.
```
